Flawlessly --- Impecable !!!
Mishaps --- Contratiempos
Clumsy --- Torpe
Harsh --- unpleasantly rough or jarring to the senses.
Hiccup -- Hipo
If I were to hazard a guess --- Si tuviera que arriesgar una conjetura
Hustle -- Ajetreo "darse prisa"
It is quite cumbersome -- es bastante engorroso
Swoon -- Desmayarse
Faint -- Débil por
That's my grievance. --- Esa es mi queja
keeping our brain sharp & Focus --- Nítido y Enfocado
He behaved like a perfect gentleman -- Se comportó como un caballero perfecto
I now lecture at … -- Ahora doy clases en
Squishy side --- Lado blando
Milestones --- Hitos
Bringing together breakthroughs in math --- reuniendo avances en Matemáticas
it's worth remembering --- Vale la pena recordar
Preeminent --- surpassing all others; very distinguished in some way.
A design mimicking -- un diseño que imita …
Nonetheless --- Sin Embargo
A hassle --- Una Molestia
I'm thrilled to hear --- Estoy muy contento/emocionado
Despite the  --- A pesar de
letting them flow freely --- dejalos fluir libremente
Impeach - Procesar
I digress - Estoy Divagando
Shenanigans --- Engaños
These kinds of shenanigans --- este tipo de travesuras
e.g. --- abbreviation for exempli gratia
But suffice to say --- pero basta decir
Was just some cocky boy swagger. --- era solo una arrogancia de niño engreido
Grumble --- Queja
Was just as important, if not more so, because --- Era tan importante, si no más, porque
she witnessed firsthand -- Presencio de primera mano
She has grit, which is really important because all entrepreneurs experience setbacks and delays
Is skewed heavily to the --- Está muy sesgada hacía
Without much fuss -- sin mucho alboroto
Which I dabbled -- El cual yo incursioné
Getting your bearings  -- Orientarse
Concurrently - Al mismo tiempo,
Thereby --- de este modo
Whilst --- Mientras que
Straightforward -- Sencillo
Appended to the end -- Adjunto al final
Intertwining  -- Entrelazando
Staggeringly high  -- asombrosamente alto
Bespoke -- Hecho a la medida
Cheap and dull -- Barato y aburrido
Boundaries -- Limites
Hazardous -- Peligroso.
Tampering -- manipulación
Spoof -- Parodia
And the like -- Y similares
Lust, Rage, Greed, Attachment, and Ego - lujuria, ira, codicia, apego y ego
Snappy acceleration -- Aceleración ágil
Impersonated -- Suplantado
Caveat -- Advertencia
I don't think that's what I'm after -- No creo que sea eso lo que busco.
Assembling tailored solutions -- Ensamblar soluciones a medida
Most common insights -- Ideas más comunes
Heap Heaps --- Montón Muchisimos.
Following a link in this fashion -- Siguiendo un enlace de esta manera
Declutter -- 'Ordenar'
I don’t want to stubbornly hold - No quiero mantener obstinadamente
I was also very adamant -- Yo también era bastante inflexible
Can get pretty unruly -- Puede ponerse bastante ingobernable
That's  a mouthful --- eso es un bocado
Without to gloss over some of the details -- Sin pasar por alto algunos detalles
Entails -- Implica
Tended to gloss over -- Pasar por alto
Disheveled -- Despeinado
Harsh - Duro, Severo
Stubbornly rebel -- Rebelarse tercamente
Notwithstanding that -- a pesar de eso
The main gist -- La esencia principal
Is a hassle -- es una molestia
Disheartening -- Desalentador
Painstakingly -- Minuciosamente
Reek  --- hedor
Infuriating -- Exasperante
Sloppy -- Poco riguroso
Evictions -- Desalojos
Nourished -- Nutrido
Deeds -- Andanzas
All-pervading -- Omnipresente
Has to surmount -- Tiene que superar
Snag -- an unexpected or hidden obstacle or drawback.
is enticing -- es tentador
Acumen -- the ability to make good judgments and quick decisions, typically in a particular domain.
Dwindling -- Menguando
Sow - Sembrar
Hefty --- Grande, pesado, mayusculo
Leverage -- Aprovechar
It’s a pace that’s not for the faint of heart -- Es un ritmo que no es para los débiles de corazón.
Put bluntly -- Dicho sin rodeos
Throughput -- Rendimiento
Peerless -- Sin igual
Eelentless -- Implacable
In hindsight -- En retrospectiva
Entangled -- enredado, en medio de 
Deterrent -- Disuasivo
Mood -- Estado ánimico
Pester -- Molestar
All of a sudden -- De repente
Thoughtfully -- Cuidadosamente
Broaden -- Ampliar Ensanchar
To bolster -- Para reafirmar
Skew -- Sesgar
Untenable -- Insostenible
Leisure -- Tiempo libre
Impeached -- Acusado
Burdened -- Agobiado, cargado
Above all else -- Por encima de todo
Pervasiveness -- Omnipresencia
Snubbed -- Rechazado
stems -- originate in or be caused by // parte de, a raíz de
the analyst fosters -- el analista fomenta
out weight the effort and cost -- Pesan el esfuerzo y costo (lo vale)
to aid  --  ayudar
it took an achingly long time  -- tomó mucho tiempo // 
achingly -- eikingli (dolorosamente)
nitty-gritty details -- Detalles esenciales.
the gist of this -- La esencia de esto
it's squandered -- Se desperdicia
that was really slick -- Eso fue realmente ingenioso
Fiddles -- Violines
Nails it  -- Le da en el clavo
Awe -- a feeling of reverential respect mixed with fear or wonder.
Can seamlessly -- Puede perfectamente
Nerve-racking -- causing stress or anxiety
apparatuses -- Aparatos
infuse some semblance -- Infundir cierta apariecnia. 
how to be thoughtful about it -- como ser considerado al respecto
can be difficult for newcomers to grasp -- Puede ser difícil de entender para los recién llegados 
Spurious -- not being what it purports to be; false or fake.
Hindrance -- Obstáculo
For convenience sake -- Para mayor comodidad.
Realm -- Reino
Waxing moon -- Luna Creciente
Albeit -- Aunque
Ponder -- Reflexionar
Hurdle -- Obstáculo
delve deeper -- Profundizar
unyielding -- Inflexible
thwarts  -- Frustra
riddled -- Plagado / Acribillado
deluded -- Engañado
yardstick -- Criterio


https://twitter.com/Rad_Reza/status/1082369301565173760
https://www.twitch.tv/Ch33r10

a person who combines sound business understanding, data handling,
programming, and data visualization skills to drive better business results. 

Why fit in when you were born to stand out?

[Data scientist journal club, pydata, lmlp Tetiana Ivanova -- Kaggle hackatons
elements of statical learning, an introduction to statistical learning with applications in R Jaynes // Deepmind.Karpathy]
https://compositecode.blog/2018/12/03/how-to-become-a-data-scientist-in-6-months-a-hackers-approach-to-career-planning/

https://writingexplained.org/either-vs-neither-difference

We're over here grinning like fools!
“There is no duty we so much underrate as the duty of being happy.
By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.” Robert Louis Stevenson

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1hcx0LuuCJ9q0aSAh3e_NIglrXZdSSU7y

“would you like me to clarify what I just mentioned?” or say, “Given what I’ve just explained, how do you think that might work here?

@Laurita_Wolf 

Madana Mohana Murari
“Because you are more seductive than Cupid, You have stolen my heart"

https://twitter.com/ValaAfshar/status/1100083422637232128
