Advance proficiency in ms office suite
Abilitie to negotiate & high influence at different organizations levels.
Comfort with ambiguity and change and with ability to manage complex problem-solving.
Exceptional communication ability including formal presentations. 
Strong analytical capabilities.
Great organization Skills
[·    Monitoring of the operation.
 ·    Generation of alerts, call volume.
 ·    Real time communication of metrics.
 ·    Daily generation of reports.
 ·    Incident log follow up.
 ·    Action plans implementation documenting every step.
 ·    Staff control.
 ·    Deprovisioning and HC security policies.]

	Trustworthiness and dedication

BE Thrifty

 “Hooked” by Nir Eyal.
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/azure-serverless-computing-cookbook/en-us/
Kaggle.

"Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve until they actually did it." - Patrick McKenzie

"being ahead of your time is just one of the more creative ways of being fundamentally wrong"

Most people don’t know why they’re doing what they’re doing. They imitate others, go with the flow, and follow paths without making their own. They spend decades in pursuit of something that someone convinced them they should want, without realizing that it won’t make them happy.

Our possessions occupy mental space in the same way thoughts do.

My goal is to one day be financially independent and not have to worry about money. In order to do this, I need to always know where I stand. ( R & Python ¿?)
If you don’t know where you are going, any road will get you there.–– Lewis Carroll


For evolve.

Citrusbyte.

La solución a este problema radica en Radhika.

La histéresis es un material que conserva una de sus propiedades en ausencia del estímulo que la generó. 

“The path to wisdom is paved with humility.”
The most important thing one has to surmount is weakness of the heart. 

https://gregorsuttie.com/2018/10/27/azure-devops-az-400-exam-study-notes/

naturally strive to do better and improve

Ma(मा) of Madhav in devanagari means- light. Bhagwan Shri Madhav Ji is the only source of divine light(energy), 
by which this universe is governed. In real sense Bhagwan Shri Madhav Ji is the almighty god and he is the only 
source of infinite happiness and joy. Dha(ध) means dhan or money, besides dhan another meaning of dha(ध) is dhaj(धज). 
Graceful style to attract everyone is called dhaj. The goddess of prosperity Ma Shri Laxmi has the power to attract everyone. 
Integrated power of almighty Bhagwan Shri Madhav Ji and primordial Goddess Ma Shri Laxmi represents Ma(मा) and dha(ध) 
is praised by all. Va(व) of Madhav is vandaniya, means praised by all. Another meaning of Va(व) is kalyankari. 
Ocean is another meaning of Va. So Bhagwan Shri Madhav ji is the ocean of mercy. If we take meaning of Va as var, 
so Bhagwan Shri Madhav Ji is giver, lovely, mastet and hero.

People know a magic show to be unreal, but this knowledge does not involve the destruction of the show. The same way it is
possible to know the illusory nature of external objects without causing their disappearance or the cessation of enjoyment from them.


Q: Nevertheless, the mind proves to be an unyielding obstacle which thwarts any attempts to sink into the Self.
A: What does it matter if the mind is active? It is so only on the substratum of the Self. Hold the Self even during mental activities.

"Nothing can cause bondage for the Jnani because his mind is dead. In the absence of mind he knows himself only as consciousness. 
Because the mind is dead, he is no longer able to identify himself with the body. But even though he knows that he is not the body,
its a fact that the body is still alive. That body will continue to live, and the Jnani will continue to be aware of it, until 
its own karma is exhausted. Because the jnani is aware of the body, he will also be aware of the thoughts and vasanas that arise 
in that body. None of these vasanas has the power to cause bondage for him because he never identifies with them"

http://hindudharmaforums.com/showthread.php?13274-Bhagavan-Ramana-Maharshi-s-Self-Inquiry-Explained&highlight=murari
http://humanityhealing.net/2012/01/madana-mohana-murari/

If you detach yourself from the body and remain relaxed as Awareness, Immediately you experience happiness, calmness and freedom
from bondage.

An intelligent person knows that a tomato is the fruit.But a wise person knows that a tomato is a fruit but it can't be thrown in 
fruit salads.A clever person may not know that it is a fruit but he knows that it can't be put in Fruit salad.

to dovetail our energy in the service of the Supreme
