Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite.

A man must make his opportunity, as oft as find it.

For all knowledge and wonder (which is the seed of knowledge) is an impression of pleasure in itself.

Read not to contradict and confute, nor to believe and take for granted... but to weigh and consider.

Science is but an image of the truth.

But men must know that in this theater of man's life it is reserved only for God and angels to be lookers on.

Seek ye first the good things of the mind, and the rest will either be supplied or its loss will not be felt.

Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested.

There is in human nature generally more of the fool than of the wise. 

A prudent question is one-half of wisdom.

But by far the greatest obstacle to the progress of science and to the undertaking of new tasks and provinces therein is found in this — that men despair and think things impossible.

Truth emerges more readily from error than from confusion.

Reading maketh a full man; conference a ready man; and writing an exact man.

Age appears to be best in four things; old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.

Fame is like a river, that beareth up things light and swollen, and drowns things weighty and solid.

Fortitude is the marshal of thought, the armor of the will, and the fort of reason.

He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils; for time is the greatest innovator.

I had rather believe all the Fables in the Legend, and the Talmud, and the Alcoran, than that this universal frame is without a Mind.

If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts, but if he will content to begin with doubts, he shall end in certainties.

Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he is not; a sense of humor to console him for what he is.

It is a strange desire, to seek power, and to lose liberty; or to seek power over others, and to lose power over a man's self.

It is as natural to die as to be born; and to a little infant, perhaps, the one is as painful as the other.

Money is like manure, of very little use except it be spread.

The remedy is worse than the disease.

The worst men often give the best advice.

Human knowledge and human power meet in one; for where the cause is not known the effect cannot be produced. Nature to be commanded must be obeyed; and that which in contemplation is as the cause is in operation as the rule.

Death is a friend of ours; and he that is not ready to entertain him is not at home.

In taking revenge, a man is but even with his enemy; but in passing it over, he is superior.

This is certain, that a man that studieth revenge keeps his wounds green, which otherwise would heal and do well.

Nothing doth more hurt in a state than that cunning men pass for wise.

We are much beholden to Machiavelli and others, that write what men do, and not what they ought to do.
Who ever is out of patience is out of possession of their soul.

Francis Bacon
